[Marketplace Contribution] Akamai WAF - Content Pack Update (#29671)
demisto/content: Packs/Akamai_WAF/ReleaseNotes/2_0_8.md

#### Integrations

##### Akamai WAF

  - Added 5 commands:
    - ***akamai-get-cps-enrollment-deployment***
    - ***akamai-list-cidr-blocks***
    - ***akamai-update-cps-enrollment***
    - ***akamai-update-cps-enrollment-schedule***
    - ***akamai-get-cps-change-status***

>   - Updated the ***akamai-update-change*** with a new parameter named "keyAlgorithm" to allow "ECDSA" format in addition to "RSA"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Updated the ***akamai-update-change*** with a new parameter named "key_algorithm" to allow "ECDSA" format in addition to "RSA"
```
